= Knife S3

= DESCRIPTION:

This is a Knife plugin for AWS S3. The plugin gives knife the ability to list, upload and download to / from S3. For example,
if using the Knife CFN plugin, and you want to reference an S3-hosted template, this plugin would allow you to upload to
S3 before using CFN.

Some base functionality was derived from Neil Turner's knife-cfn plugin:  https://github.com/neillturner/knife-cfn

= INSTALLATION:

Be sure you are running the latest version Chef. Versions earlier than 0.10.0 don't support plugins. This plugin was developed
against chef 11.4.4

    gem install chef

This plugin is available as a gem:

If you want to build it yourself from source, you can do so with gem:

    git clone https://github.com/brettcave/knife-s3.git knife-s3
    cd knife-s3
    gem build knife-s3.gemspec

This will build the gem in the project directory. From there, it can be installed locally:

    gem install knife-s3-0.0.1.gem

= CONFIGURATION:

In order to authenticate with the AWS API, you need to configure knife with your AWS Access Key ID and Secret Access Key. This
can be done by adding the following to your <tt>knife.rb</tt>:

    knife[:aws_access_key_id] = "ACCESSKEY"
    knife[:aws_secret_access_key] = "supersecret"

The ID and secret key can be passed with the <tt>--aws-access-key-id</tt> and <tt>--aws-secret-access-key</tt> respectively.

= SUBCOMMANDS

Use <tt>knife s3 --help</tt> to get a full list of options to use.

== knife s3 list

Lists an S3 bucket. Requires the <tt>--bucket</tt> parameter.

== knife s3 download

Downloads from an S3 bucket (via the API).

== knife s3 upload

Uploads a file to an S3 bucket.